You bitch
I used to be the general of the Overseer Palace
It's all your idea to hit Lin Jingyun
Make me Fu Chen Chu Mei as a minister
He also lost his position as overseer
Now even the Gu family has lost Beijing
Give me another chance.
Don't you think I am?
Give you a chance.
Who gave me a chance?
I've come this far because of you
To save you, I can't wait to strangle you now
No no
Stop
Commander, what's the matter with you?
Oh, Commander.
I beg you to restore yourself to the position of overseer
It's too hard for us to take care of our family
I bribed the people of the City Lord's Mansion to save you
What did you save this bitch
I don't understand.
Commander-in-Chief, you are
because
I'm not the real commander-in-chief
This commander is a fake
Then you sold me all that tobacco soil
Nice what